hello the other day I promised I would
do a video blog where my new skin suit
that I ordered last week which I I got
yesterday
so here goes you probably recognize some
eight workers remain gone can you miss
I've got another one in the skins new
skin suits from the same company which
he purchases 2009 offense more tuna
actually few surf in Essaouira this was
gone for 99 things for a sit there and
since that uses off and well they sent
me a vote to get 15% off somewhat well
15% off the complaints that means it
came down to EE some from quitzel not
that oh well I'm well pleased befitting
gone by old website um hits everybody
else seems like it because learn if you
can almost popular page in my website
and quite a while which is pretty good
and also lots of people are tweeting
about and talking about on Facebook
Matias Quakers law just to move it's
definitely skin so I'll do the little my
little dancin do that I always do that
know why but yeah I'm really impressed
with it I can't wait to the summer
starts I got to get out a bike 15
because last week the weather is really
nice but the bait there because if you
follow my website you know that I come
on last the bike which is about set and
asked who say but I've got a brand
spanking new bait Novosel camelina sore
but last longer masturbated I'm not we
gonna do diagnosed we change
he got weights feeb and you got the hood
was like that so that would really be
the Sun wasn't the handlebars and that's
back bit and then that bit Leah goes up
to the seat would be there and there's a
big crack beastly weight on the bottom
there was like an it was supposed to
give me quality up cost effects and then
of that nature and then they pull me
back to see actually we can't fix your
bike it's got a muscle crack along the
bottom with dreams thought yeah that's
maker used to do the intro and say
course or beam through a lot with it but
what can I say I no longer have it's
gone to bake heaven web like maybe
anyway I'm just rubber to know so I'll
get gone oh sweet job where no do
another video
oh boy